hey guys so today's video is on an
update of my hair I have been taking two
tablespoons of flaxseed oil for the last
week this week makes my third week
stressed my third week and I'm not sure
if I like these bits of flaxseed oil on
my hair entirely um like I let me
explain why the reason that I started
taking the flaxseed oil was simply to
thin out my sebum I did my research I
found that from through a lot of forums
that I went to they talked about how
sebum can become thinner if you use
flaxseed oil by taking you know two
tablespoons a day so I started doing
that the first week I noticed that my
hair was completely wet on the left side
Siva my hair was drenched in sebum on my
left side it looked really glossy it was
just it didn't it didn't look like my
hair at all my second week not so much
um and it's not that it's something that
that I would say hold on a second it's
not that it's something that I would
classify as bad but I noticed that the
texture of my hair began to change and
my curl type something was happening
with micro type I don't know what it is
I don't know what's going on with my
hair and it's a bad thing but it's not
something that I think I'm happy with
now what I first started to notice was
that when I would do my twist out this
part of my head um looked like it was
tangled it looked like I had wrote like
from the first four inches of hair it
looked ropey okay so I spent some time
going through going through my hair i
detained go to my
err and I thought you know hey I guess
you know this is this little fix the
problem you know I'm going to twist back
up I'm gonna do my water rinse and then
I'm gonna be good to go the next day
well I took it down the next day my
twist I look nice but once again right
up here in this area my hair looked like
it had this different texture going on I
could see it very clearly that something
was different with my hair and I just I
couldn't figure out what it was I kept
thinking why is my hair tangling why is
it roping up on itself and that's what
it looked like it looked like streams of
rope separating my hair you know and I
proceeded to do the same thing I wet my
hair
I twisted it back up for my twist out
and the following day the same thing I'm
like what's the hell Oh anyway I started
going through my hair and I'm going to
show you guys let me give you guys some
close-ups but what I want to know is if
you guys have ever had any negative
experiences with you know taking
flaxseed oil I mean I love this stuff I
really really love the way it bends out
my sebum my hair is so moisturized
because once it thins out it appears
that you have more sebum you don't
really have more sebum you just have
liquefied sebum I mean it becomes more
fluid and it him and you're able to
moisturize your hair with it a lot
easier and so I really love that effect
of taking flaxseed oil but what I am Not
sure I like is the fact that my texture
and my curl type is changing okay now
I'm going to come as close as I well
first let me I'm just going to go like
this and see if you guys can see what
I'm talking about
can you guys and all see that there are
little ripples of curl see I call it
curls but it's not curls it's ways there
are ripples of waves in my hair and it's
everywhere
okay you guys see that my curls do not
normally look that small and no matter
how many times I separate my face these
little clumps of hair it doesn't matter
how many times I separate it it comes
right back
okay do you guys see that I think they
might give you guys a better picture of
what I'm talking about even when I
stretch my hair out with twist those
little ripples they don't go anywhere
they stay you know mess with my Styles
any style that I try only that one of
the positive things that I am that I'm
experiencing is elasticity my hair is
not overly um elastic but it has a lot
of body I know that it's a flaxseed oil
because I've done nothing different I've
become a vegetarian in the last two
months but I can't imagine changing my
food would do would affect my hair like
this not my hair no I don't think that's
the cause of it and so the only thing
that's left through process of
elimination
since thank God I do not put anything
else in my hair in terms of you know
products so I don't have to the only
thing that's left is for me to ask
myself what I'm consuming I know I do
not put products on my hair you guys
know already
are you shaping on my ends when I need
it right now I currently have absolutely
nothing in my hair except for my sebum
and so the process of elimination to
figure out what's going on what's
causing it is the list is very short and
so the only thing that I have done can
come up with it's freakin flaxseed oil
so yeah guys if you have any information
please send me some information in my
inbox in my comment section because you
know I I just I'm stumped I have no idea
I just don't know okay
you